docs: document tag-level SBOM verification and fetching (#4679)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/self-host-mirroring-images.mdx

### Verifying SBOM attestations

Released images also carry signed SPDX software bill of materials (SBOM) attestations, one per architecture in the image index.

On `0.15.12` and later, the per-architecture SBOMs are also attached to the multi-architecture index digest, so you can verify against a bare tag directly:

```bash
cosign verify-attestation \
  --type spdxjson \
  --certificate-oidc-issuer https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com \
  --certificate-identity-regexp 'https://github\.com/langchain-ai/langchainplus/\.github/workflows/release_self_hosted_on_version_bump\.yaml@refs/heads/v[0-9]+-stable' \
  docker.io/langchain/langsmith-backend:<tag>
```

> The index-level query returns one verified statement per architecture. To inspect a specific architecture's SBOM — or to verify releases earlier than `0.15.12`, where attestations are attached only to the per-architecture child digests — resolve the child digests first and verify each one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The index-level query returns one verified statement per architecture. Resolve the child digests and verify each one individually if you want to inspect a single architecture's SBOM, or if you are verifying a release earlier than 0.15.12 (where attestations were attached only to the per-architecture child digests, not the index).
```
Does this suggestion work?

I was finding it hard to understand if the earlier releases were where attestations are attached only to the per-arch child digests, or whether the earlier release part was grouped with the specific arch's SBOM.

Author: i can just remove this? its a pretty small # of images that fall between 0.15 and when we fixed this issue

Author: Removed the pre-`0.15.12` fallback clause entirely (small window of affected images), so the confusing grouping is gone.

```

The decoded predicate is a standard SPDX 2.3 document listing every package in that image.

### Fetching SBOMs

To feed an SBOM into a vulnerability scanner or SBOM management tool, save the verified predicate to a file. Resolve a single architecture's child digest first (see above) so you get one SPDX document rather than one per architecture:

```bash
cosign verify-attestation \
  --type spdxjson \
  --certificate-oidc-issuer https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com \
  --certificate-identity-regexp 'https://github\.com/langchain-ai/langchainplus/\.github/workflows/release_self_hosted_on_version_bump\.yaml@refs/heads/v[0-9]+-stable' \
  docker.io/langchain/langsmith-backend@<digest> \
  | jq -r '.payload' | base64 -d | jq '.predicate' > langsmith-backend.spdx.json
```

> The resulting `langsmith-backend.spdx.json` can be passed directly to scanners such as [Grype](https://github.com/anchore/grype) (`grype sbom:langsmith-backend.spdx.json`) or [Trivy](https://trivy.dev/) (`trivy sbom langsmith-backend.spdx.json`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass the resulting `langsmith-backend.spdx.json` directly to scanners such as [Grype](https://github.com/anchore/grype) (`grype sbom:langsmith-backend.spdx.json`) or [Trivy](https://trivy.dev/) (`trivy sbom langsmith-backend.spdx.json`).
```

Author: Accepted — thanks.

<Note>

> Extracting the SBOM through `cosign verify-attestation` — rather than `cosign download attestation` — ensures you only ever consume an SBOM whose signature and signing identity have been verified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracting the SBOM through `cosign verify-attestation`, rather than `cosign download attestation`, ensures you only ever consume an SBOM whose signature and signing identity have been verified.
```

Author: Accepted — thanks.
